⚠️ URGENT: Fix Broken CMS Functionality, Authentication, Mobile Responsiveness, and Homepage Content
After testing the site thoroughly, there are multiple critical issues that must be fixed immediately. Please stop assuming these features are working and instead verify and fully test all functionality before confirming completion.

1. 🛠️ CMS Admin Panel – Broken Submission & Layout
When trying to create a new blog post, event, or job entry, the form UI is broken:

Pages are not scrollable

Layout is not responsive (especially on smaller screens)

After clicking “Create,” I get a 401 error:

css
Copy
Edit
Failed to create blog post: 401
{
  "message": "authentication required"
}
✅ Fix Required:

Make admin dashboard fully scrollable and responsive

Ensure forms are usable on both desktop and mobile

Make sure authentication tokens (JWT) are:

Stored in localStorage after login

Sent in every request as Authorization: Bearer <token>

Fix backend route protections so authenticated users don’t receive 401 errors

Validate all CRUD operations (Create, Edit, Delete) actually modify content in JSON files or DB

2. 📱 Entire Site – Not Mobile Responsive
The public-facing site breaks on mobile or small screen sizes.

Layouts overflow, fonts are unscaled, and sections don’t stack properly.

✅ Fix Required:

Apply responsive CSS using flexbox/grid and media queries

Test all pages at breakpoints: 768px, 600px, 375px

Ensure buttons, menus, and forms scale properly

3. 🧱 Homepage – Missing Hero & Narrative Section Content
The hero section and below-the-fold narrative/content sections are empty or filled with placeholders.

✅ Fix Required:

Fill the hero section with appropriate headline, subtext, and a call-to-action button that matches the site's theme

Populate the narrative/story/mission sections below the hero with sample real-looking content aligned with the site's purpose (e.g., S2P community, services, value propositions)

Ensure content is readable and styled properly on both light and dark backgrounds

4. ⬇️ Hero Scroll-Down Button – Non-Functional
The scroll-down icon or button in the hero section does nothing.

✅ Fix Required:

Make the scroll-down button smooth scroll to the next content section on the homepage

Use anchor link (#section-id) or JS (window.scrollTo) with behavior: 'smooth'

✅ Expected Result After Fixes:
Admin panel works fully on all screen sizes

Scroll and layout issues in admin forms are resolved

Blog, Events, and Careers can be created with no 401 errors

Content updates reflect on the frontend

Hero and narrative sections on the homepage are filled and look polished

Entire site and CMS are responsive across all devices

Scroll-down button in the hero section takes user to next section